init: add callbacks for custom logic in the boot flow (#37)
pengutronix/rsinit: README.md

1. `/lib/modules/<uname --kernel-release>` does not exist
2. `/lib/modules/` contains files or folders which do not match the current kernel release

rsinit as a library
-------------------

### Modification using callbacks

> When using `rsinit` as a crate in a custom implementation, you can use callbacks to extend its functionality without modifying the core logic. The [`nfs-bind-mounts`](examples/nfs-bind-mounts.rs) example contains a fully working example implementation.

Reviewer: Please keep the lines shorter ( < 80 unless readability in the editor suffers) and use semantic line breaks

Author: Done, please have a look again :-)

#### Command Line Parser Callbacks

You can register callbacks to parse custom kernel command-line parameters. This is useful when your custom initialization logic requires parameters that the built-in parser does not handle.

```rust
use std::cell::RefCell;
use rsinit::cmdline::ensure_value;
use rsinit::init::InitContext;

let custom_option = RefCell::new(String::new());
let mut ctx = InitContext::new()?;

ctx.add_cmdline_parser_callback(|key, val| {
    if key == "my.option" {
        *custom_option.borrow_mut() = ensure_value(key, val)?.to_owned();
    }
    Ok(())
});
ctx.run_from_env()?;
```

#### Init Callbacks

> Init callbacks allow you to execute custom logic at specific lifecycle phases during the initialization process. The available phases are defined in the `CallBack` enum:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Init callbacks allow you to execute custom logic at specific life cycle phases during the initialization process. The available phases are defined in the `CallBack` enum:
```
